Summary:  
  
This is an excellently written proposal. The quality of the treasury
withdrawal package (documentation, team, clarity of purpose, smart
contract support) sets a high bar (but also a welcome example) for all
future treasury withdrawal actions. There is no time to lose.
Affordable, yet outstanding.

Rationale Statement:

This is an excellently written proposal. The quality of the treasury
withdrawal package (documentation, team, clarity of purpose, smart
contract support) sets a high bar (but also a welcome example) for all
future treasury withdrawal actions. Rationally priced. Very promising.

\## I re-read the Amaru CARDANO BLOCKCHAIN ECOSYSTEM BUDGET DETAILED
PROPOSAL in PDF format and it was not only written to propose a budget,
but it also demonstrates a level of forethought and planning that is
encouraging.

\## I have independently checked that each of the Receiving Addresses
that will be receiving funds from the Treasury Withdrawal action have
their vote delegated To "Abstain" DRep and that the address is "Not
delegated" to any stake pool.

\## Independent of this treasury action, as an independent Project
Catalyst Milestone Reviewer since Fund 2, I have reviewed multiple work
Proof of Achievements from several of the involved Pragma members.
Generally, my personal experience is that I have been impressed with the
quality of their work and deliverables. This is important - for me as an
individual DRep - who has to take into account more than what is just
written in a proposal. No proposal lives in a vacuum. There is wider
context for most events that occur in the Cardano ecosystem - and this
type of feedback also influences my decisions. I could pretend that it
doesn't, but that would be self deceiving.

Precedent Discussion:

\## The Pragma group shows that being lean and being focused can yield
benefits (especially in the form of speed) for teams that wish to access
Treasury Funding.

\## Pragma shows it is possible to set up an alternative administrator
structure to Intersect (and other MBOs) - which is a nice precedent to
make.

\## The introduction of a smart contract in the process just serves to
show how the treasury withdrawal actually builds on the existing Cardano
protocol and further contributes to it - instead of just "withdrawing"
from it.

\## The idea to introduce a comparison to similar projects (RETH,
Firedancer, Cardano-node) is a good approach, as no proposal exists
outside a real world context.

\## This proposal also maximizes resources for the Treasury by not
charging for the funded time of certain of its team members. Total of
the resources already available or funded: 2 FTEs from people that are
employees of the Cardano Foundation.

\## I welcome the team's breadth to view this proposal as much more than
a technical contribution to the blockchain. The team states: "This
proposal is more than just a funding request; it is an invitation to
collaborate and innovate together" AND "By focusing on building,
learning, and demonstrating tangible progress, we are confident that
Amaru will pave the way for a more resilient and decentralized Cardano
ecosystem, ensuring long-term reliability and innovation. This to me
suggests an understanding that this type of technical work is much more
than a mere developer-focused temporary paid gig. It has a wider and
broader significance and the team is aware of the wider context.

\## Contingency Funds - this is a precedent that can have negative
implications. However, the team has addressed this in a sensitive and
in-depth way. See next section on Counter Argument Discussion  
  
Counterargument Discussion:  
  
\## Personally, I am not a fan of adding contingency funds. Yet, I am
aware that the real world is the real world. However, the precedent that
is being created ("we will add a 25% contingency fund") could serve as a
template for all future treasury withdrawal actions that will be marked
up with increasing percentages. This needs to be mitigated somehow.
However, I am aware that this stems from the volatility of ADA exchange
rate vs fiat currency.  
  
\## This is partialy mitigated by the team's foresight to specify that
they intend to "secure the treasury withdrawal with stablecoins whenever
possible to keep the value until final payment to contributors is done  
  
\## The most important aspect of the Amaru proposal - regarding the
contingency funds - is that the team calls for the sending of the
"Contingency" back to the Cardano Treasury - if not spent. The budget
proposal states: "12 months after the treasury withdrawal what's left
within the contingency account will be transferred back to the Cardano
Treasury."  
  
Conclusion:  
  
In short, I am happy that this is the first Treasury Withdrawal request
that I can vote YES on. It sets a lot of positive precedents and it will
hopefully shape the future of wisely crafted and well presented Treasury
Withdrawals - as we progress developing Cardano.
